2.5.0
=====

Breaking
--------

Nothing

Features
--------

* Respect search in list and search action of date controller.
  The argument prefix has to be ``search``.
  The value is used to create the demand and filter the dates.
  The value is also provided to the view.

  That uses Extbase native argument mapping by name. No need for hardcoded plugin
  namespaces or to provide some arguments from request to the view.

  The search is a plain array and therefore allows to pass whatever the templates
  provide.

* Extend ``DateDemand``. It now supports filtering by request values for Regions.

* Extend ``Date`` to provide helpful methods for templates.
  New methods:

  * ``getHasUsefulStartTime()``

  * ``getHasUsefulEndTime()``

  * ``getEndsOnSameDay()``

* Add destination.one "Features" to events.
  Features are again TYPO3 categories with different parent as existing categories.
  New features are hidden by default but can be activated within TYPO3.
  That allows to fetch all within controller and provide them as filter.
  But editors actively need to enable them for filtering.

  It is possible to add them to user submitted filter.

* Add PSR-14 events to Date controller. Those events allow to alter the variables
  assigned to views within list and search action.
  This might be used to add further variables or to alter variables, e.g. hide some
  categories, group dates, etc.

* Provide start and end as ``\DateTimeImmutable`` instances within ``DateDemand``.
  This allows to respect time zone and usage of ``f:format.date`` ViewHelper.

Fixes
-----

* Do not break within repository if no longer existing category is requested.
  The code didn't catch that situation and would fail with an TYPO3 exception.

Tasks
-----

Nothing

Deprecation
-----------

Nothing
