3.0.0
=====

Breaking
--------

Namespace changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A new namespace was defined for plugins which is "events_search".
The search parameters are now collected below namespace "search" instead of
"events_search" leading to ``events_search[search][parametername]=value`` instead of
``tx_events_signature[events_search][parametername]=value``.

The form now is submitted as post and redirects to a proper URL with GET.

The code was bloated and made it hard to fix bugs.

Necessary steps:

- Check usage of old namespace within templates and other sources.

- Check usage of old nesting of parameters.

API Changes
^^^^^^^^^^^

The methods of ``DateDemand`` have changed, ``getStart()`` and ``getEnd()`` return a
string value necessary or Fluid forms.
Those are not considered public API. Use ``getStartObject()`` and ``getEndObject()``
instead.

The static method ``createFromRequestValues()`` was moved as an instance method to
the factory, in order to streamline factories.

The old location properties were removed from events.
The locations are imported as dedicated instance already.
The corresponding TCA and database columns got removed as well.

The Form ViewHelper got removed as it was unused.

Removed command
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The legacy command was removed. It now is necessary to create import configurations
and use new commands to import those configurations.

Features
--------

Nothing

Fixes
-----

* Keep filter during pagination

  Search requests are POST by default.
  We apply PRG (=Post Redirect Get) on them to create proper GET requests.
  Those can be used to generate the URLs for pagination.

  We follow Extbase, and do not explicitly ask for arguments from foreign namespaces.
  Instead we configure a pluginNamespace that's shared between plugins.
  This is all necessary as we still ship pre defined plugins.
  This should belong into integration of each project.

  See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post/Redirect/Get

  Relates: #10175

Tasks
-----

Nothing

Deprecation
-----------

Nothing
