3.4.0
=====

Breaking
--------

Nothing

Features
--------

* Adjust TYPO3 page cache timeout based on rendered dates.
  Will use one of the following:

  - end time of each rendered date

  - start time of each rendered date (if upcoming is enabled)

  - midnight (if midnight is configured)

  The lowest date will be used to calculate the maximum time to life for the page cache.
  This is compared to the already calculated time to life.
  The lower value is then used by TYPO3.

  That allows visitors to always see the next dates.

* Add ``upcoming`` setting for dates.

  The option can be set to ``0`` (default) or ``1``.
  ``0`` behaves the same way as in the past.
  ``1`` turns off the option ``useMidnight``, ``start`` and ``end``.
  Only dates with a start date in the future will be shown.

* Handle changes to images for events.
  The import of destination data one only added new images but kept existing images untouched.
  This was now improved. The import now will update, remove and re-sort images as well.
  Existing image files won't be downloaded again, only information and position are updated.

* Flushes page caches during import and edits.
  Proper cache tags are now added to the pages whenever the controller is used.
  That ensures that modifications during import or while editing records are flushing
  corresponding pages.

Fixes
-----

* Do not delete files if they are still in use.
  The clean up task had an issue to clean up to many files.
  It didn't check if a file that could be deleted because one event got deleted,
  was still in use by another event.

* Generate slugs after each single event was imported.
  This should prevent a situation where a large amount of events is imported without
  having slugs.
  Routing might break depending on configuration.
  The time range where this can happen is now reduced as slugs for each event and
  date is generated right after saving each of them.

Tasks
-----

Nothing

Deprecation
-----------

Nothing
