3.5.0
=====

Breaking
--------

* We migrated away from Extbase Category model.
  This is technically breaking, but we don't consider it breaking as this should be an internal detail.
  Still this might break if you have type checks.

Features
--------

* Add PSR-14 Events to destination.one import.
  They allow individual installation to alter the import.

  See :ref:`psr14` for an overview of PSR-14 Events.

  Added Events:

  * Allow to modify TYPO3 ``sys_categories`` before adding them to an event during import.

  * Allow to modify an event object before importing.

* Add source to events.
  destination.one provides the original source, either them self or an external.
  This is now saved in order to make it easier for editors and companies to contact
  the original source and ask to fix broken data.

Fixes
-----

* Improve handling of dates with no end.
  This was always technically possible. Still support from extension was missing.
  This now got improved, the date object will not throw exceptions due to ``format()`` calls on none.
  Furthermore the PHPDoc now reflects that there might be null instead of ``\DateTime``.
  Also the setter was adjusted to allow ``null`` values.

Tasks
-----

* Renaming different Destination cases to destination.one throughout documentation and text.
  Code is left untouched in order to not break things.

* Migrate away from Extbase Category to custom Category.
  The extension already provided its own Category model.
  TYPO3 deprecated and will remove the default Models.
  We consider this none breaking as this is considered to be internal API.

Deprecation
-----------

Nothing
